CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

    Task Manager

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

    This program will be able to take in a list of daily or weeky tasks and put them in a file. 
    It will mark them by priority so that you know what is the most urgent task.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

    I will learn how to have a user input a list that will be entered into a txt file, that can be edited as needed.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    datetime, tkinter, pytest

5. List the names of functions you will need?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    create_user_list - makes a list from user input and returns that list
    sort_priority - sorts through a list by its priority
    add_to_txt_doc - adds the list to a text document so it is stored for later

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.

    test_create_user_list - makes sure the users list has been created
    test_sort_prioprity - make sure the sorted list is in the correct order
    test_add_to_txt_doc - make sure list is added to a txt doc 